Add support for handling paginated odata responses (#31)
4Subsea/fourinsight-api-python: docs/user_guide/api_calls.rst

Make API calls
==============

The example below demonstrates how to make an API call to `4Insight.io`_
For the complete overview of available API calls see `4Insight REST API`_. 

.. code-block:: python

    response = session.get("https://api.4insight.io/v1.1/Campaigns")

    # or with relative url

    response = session.get("/v1.1/Campaigns")

> Some API endpoints support OData and have paging, which returns a default number of 50 responses per page. 
> For these endpoints, the ``get_pages`` method can be useful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some API endpoints support OData and have paging, which returns a limited number of responses per page. 
For these endpoints, the ``get_pages`` method can be useful:
```
